Add migration guide for v1.3.0 docker (#1012)
spiceai/docs: website/blog/releases/v1.3.0.md

## Breaking Changes

> The container image now runs as a non-root user and includes minimal dependencies for a slimmer, more secure image. Standard Linux tools like `bash` are no longer included. Kubernetes deployments will require using the v1.3.0 Helm chart, which includes a `securityContext` to ensure that the sandbox user has access to the necessary files.
> 
> Kubernetes deployments that do not use the v1.3.0 Helm chart will need to add the following `securityContext` to their pod spec:
> 
> ```yaml
> securityContext:
>   runAsUser: 65534
>   runAsGroup: 65534
>   fsGroup: 65534
> ```
> 
> See the [Docker Sandbox Guide](https://spiceai.org/docs/deployment/docker/sandbox) for details on how to update custom Docker images to restore the previous behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The container image now always runs as a non-root user (UID/GID 65534) with minimal dependencies, resulting in a smaller, more secure image. Standard Linux tools, including `bash`, are no longer included.

**Kubernetes Deployments**:
- Use of the v1.3.0+ Helm chart is required, which includes a `securityContext` ensuring the sandbox user has required file access.
- For deployments using a lower version than the v1.3.0 Helm chart, add the following `securityContext` to the pod specification:

```yaml
securityContext:
  runAsUser: 65534
  runAsGroup: 65534
  fsGroup: 65534
```

See the [Docker Sandbox Guide](https://spiceai.org/docs/deployment/docker/sandbox) for details on how to update custom Docker images to restore the previous behavior.
```
